Updating terminology Community Connector > Marketplace Connector, Certified Connector > Integration (#40678)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/understanding-airbyte/database-data-catalog.md

  - Each record represents a connector that Airbyte supports, e.g. Postgres. This table represents all the connectors that is supported by the current running platform.
  - The `actor_type` column tells us whether the record represents a Source or a Destination.
  - The `spec` column is a JSON blob. The schema of this JSON blob matches the [spec](airbyte-protocol.md#actor-specification) model in the Airbyte Protocol. Because the protocol object is JSON, this has to be a JSON blob.

>   - The `support_level` describes the support level of the connector (e.g. Marketplace, Integration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The `support_level` describes the support level of the connector (e.g. `community`, `certified`, or `archived`).
    - In the product UI, Marketplace contains connectors with `community` support level, and Integrations tab contains `certified` connectors.
    - `support_level: archived` signals that this connector is no longer supported, and it's not available to install for any new connections. 
```
